hey how's it going Dave TD here so Apple
just put it a letter to their investors
warning them of lower than expected
earnings and it doesn't look good right
the revenues down we're like five to
nine billion then lower than they
expected the stock price dropped like
ten percent overnight it was not good
news but a hit like this does not
destroy companies a lot of publications
like this is the end of Apple it isn't
our least I certainly don't think it is
stuff like this happens all right stuff
like this happens to big companies and
for a company like Apple they're still
one of the richest companies out there
there's still one of the most profitable
companies out there it's not that this
won't have an effect on them but I think
there's gonna be a huge wake-up call for
the whole company so Tim Cook mentioned
a few reasons in his letter as to why
the performance was poor and I want to
touch on a couple of them he mentions
the slower market in China being a big
thing and he also mentions the battery
replacement program and the effect that
that program had on iPhone sales now if
you'll remember a little while ago
someone discovered that Apple was
reducing the performance on their
iPhones when they were reaching a
particular age or when the battery had
degraded to a particular stage and that
was really controversial some people
were like hate that's fine Apple is
trying to maintain the functionality of
the phone by dropping the performance a
little bit but just making sure that
doesn't reboot and other people were
like what like what this is this is
essentially planned obsolescence they're
making these phones slower to encourage
you to buy a new one clearly when you
reduce the performance of your older
iPhones more people are buying new
iPhones and whether or not they did it
with intent we'll never know but the
fact is people bought less iPhones this
year because of that battery replacement
program because you could just spend $30
and Apple would replace your battery and
now your old phone suddenly felt new
again now as for tim's comment on the
economy in china it seems that people in
china just aren't buying as many iPhones
as they expected and Apple is extremely
dependent on China to grow their iPhone
business because almost every other
developed market out there is heavily
saturated on iPhones see iPhone only
sells flagship devices but there's only
so many people in the world that are
willing and able to buy a thousand
dollar flagship phone there's a finite
number of people who want to spend that
kind of money
on an iPhone so right now in our market
phone companies are trying to push new
phones on us so hard like 5g phones
smaller notches thinner bezels better
this better that but the truth is the
user experience on our phones hasn't
changed hasn't fundamentally changed in
years like if you're if you're talking
about iPhones the iPhone 5 or now let's
say the iPhone se
so like the one that looks like the five
that has a very similar experience to
the newest latest and greatest iPhone
tennis is a lot cheaper like the tennis
is thousand bucks the iPhone se is
probably like two hundred hundred fifty
bucks but they both run iOS twelve I
still have to charge both of them at
night whether you have a $200 i phone or
a $1,200 iPhone the user experience is
fundamentally the same right now if I
phones want to have better business it
doesn't matter if it's in Asia China or
anywhere else in the world they either
have to make way better phones or way
cheaper phones those are really the only
two options because all these iterative
changes that have been doing year on
year just isn't cutting it and you can
see it in the numbers those sales
figures do not lie now I want to talk
about one last thing it's the iPhone 10
R this is a phone that launched at $750
and the reviews of it
were decent no one really ripped on the
phone like the initial impressions were
a little weak with the screen resolution
and stuff but people enjoyed the phone
and I think a lot of people thought that
for $750 you're getting decent value the
problem is that when people buy iPhones
when people want that Apple luxury brand
they want the real iPhone they don't
like the derpy version that they offer
once in a while like the iPhone 5c and
now the iPhone 10 are people want the
good good they want the real iPhone so
people just don't buy the b-tier phone
and I think this is something that Apple
will adjust in their game plan going
forward and that's really the whole
message of this video the earnings
warning is bad news right obviously no
one wants to hear that but I think Apple
is a company that is smart enough that
they're gonna make some big moves
they're gonna make some big shifts in
the direction of the company the roadmap
of when they want to release things how
they're gonna do things they're gonna
change because there's no way that
they're gonna ride on this and just
watch the company tank there's no way
I'm excited to see what they do it's
interesting that this
handout the way that it did but I'm
interested what you guys think like is
this what you expected is this theirs I
personally don't think it's the end of
Apple I think I know some of you guys do
but I'd like to hear your thoughts okay
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
we liked it
subs if you loved it and see you guys
next time